So now we're ready to create our Lambda function within our project.
So here within this demo,
were first going to be creating our first TypeScript Lambda function,
and we're going to be configuring this as a service within our existing project.
So in this particular demo,
we're going to stop short of building this out within the CDK,
we'll be doing that within the next clip.
But we're going to show here how you can implement this monorepo‑type
approach where you have projects within projects,
and this is where we'll be building out our initial TypeScript service.
So, let's dive in.
So I want to call out here that I have redeployed our TypeScript CDK stack,
and I've done that without any changes to the project.
So if you want to be consistent with where I'm at,
make sure that you go into your project and just type CDK deploy,
and this should get you to where I'm at within this particular module.
So now let me jump over into VS Code.
Now, our first step here to make this Lambda function might seem a bit unusual.
We're going to go into our tsconfig file,
and here we need to add one additional value,
and that's going to be esModuleInterop.
And we're going to set this to be true.
Once we have that in place,
I'm going to close out our tsconfig file and I'm
going to create a new directory, and I'm going to call this one API.
The way this is going to be structured,
API is going to be the overall folder for all of the different
services that we're going to expose via Lambda.
Now we're just building one out in this course,
but you could expand upon this concept to have multiple services.
The next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to go within the API directory
and I'm going to create another folder called getDocuments.
Now that I have that in place, I'm going to create two files within that folder.
The first is going to be index.ts,
and this is going to be our main TypeScript file for this service,
and the other is going to be package.json.
And as I mentioned here,
we're dealing with a bit of a monorepo‑type approach where we have a
separate project that exists with its own package.json file,
its own node modules, here within the overall project.
Now,
the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to use a snippet that
I have to just add in some base dependencies.
So here you can see we're pulling in two devDependencies.
Types for aws‑lambda,
which allows us to work with Lambda inputs and outputs
in a typed manner with TypeScript, and the aws‑sdk.
Now,
one of the steps we'll need to take within the next clip is to
make sure that that aws‑sdk is not bundled in because we know
that that is provided within Lambda,
so we don't want that within our bundled function.
But now that we have this in place, I'm going to move over to the index.ts file,
and I have another snippet that I'm going to use here.
So this particular snippet allows us to go in and work with a
handler function that can be used with Lambda,
and I'm going to call this one getDocuments.
And you'll see here that in this particular file,
we're using typed values for the event and the context,
And we're going to be returning a value that is going to be
of type APIGatewayProxyStructuredResultV2.
Now the V2 here corresponds to APIGatewayV2,
meaning an HTTP API over a REST‑based API.
So because of that, I'm going to actually return a particular structure.
Now, this will apply once we integrate in with APIGateway,
but even though we're not doing that yet,
I'm going to keep this return syntax throughout.
Where we're specifying both a status code and then returning
a numeric HTTP status code and a body, which needs to be a string.
So if it's a complex object, we need to use JSON.stringify() on it.
But now that I have this in place, I'm almost done.
But you'll note here that we have an error within the IDE,
and that's because I haven't yet installed the dependencies that
I've defined within the package.json file.
So I'm going to go ahead and save this file,
and then I'm going to go over to the terminal.
From here,
I'm going to change into my API directory and then they getDocuments directory,
and now I can run npm install.
Now I can see that I've installed the needed dependencies for my Lambda
function and I'm going to head back over into VS Code.
So now that we've defined our Lambda function,
we're now ready for the step that we'll tackle in the next clip, which is beginning to integrate this in with the CDK.